feat: [PL-43424]: support non-root certs (#6)
harness/delegate-dockerfile: README.md

```
docker build -t {TAG} -f Dockerfile-minimal --build-arg TARGETARCH=amd64 --build-arg DELEGATEVERSION=<version_from_previous_step> .
```

> ## Build Image with Custom CA certs

Reviewer: @brian-f-harness we need your review for this file

Reviewer 2: @bharatgoelharness I have a doc ticket for this review. https://harness.atlassian.net/browse/PL-43470 

I'll create a public doc after I review the comment. 

cc @pratmit @xingchi-jin

Reviewer 2: ## Build a custom image with non-root access that includes custom certificates

If the delegate cannot run the delegate container as a root user but requires a custom CA, you can add custom CA bundle files to the delegate image and run a `load_certificates.sh` script on the files.

The `load_certificates.sh` script ensures that your CA certificates are:

- Added to the delegate's Java truststore located at `$JAVA_HOME/lib/security/cacerts`.
- Added to the Red Hat OS trust store.
- Applied to Harness CI, STO, and delegate pipelines.

To build your custom delegate image, do the following:

1. Add all of your CA certificates to a local directory.

2. Add the lines below to your delegate Docker file before the `USER 1001` line because root access is required to run the script. Replace the directory paths with your local directory locations.

   ```
   COPY <PATH_TO_LOCAL_CERTS_DIRECTORY> <PATH_TO_DIRECTORY_OF_CERTS_IN_THE_CONTAINER>
   
   RUN bash -c "/opt/harness-delegate/load_certificates.sh <PATH_TO_DIRECTORY_OF_CERTS_IN_THE_CONTAINER>"
   
   USER 1001
   ```

   :::info caution
   Don't copy your certificates to the folder `/opt/harness-delegate/ca-bundle` folder. This folder is reserved for storing additional certificates to install the delegate.

   :::

3. Build your Docker image.

> ## Build Image with Custom CA certs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Build an image with custom CA certs
```

> To support a use case where your delegate requires custom CA to be working, but you cannot run delegate container with root user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the delegate cannot run the delegate container as a root user but requires a custom CA, you can add custom CA bundle files to the delegate image and run a `load_certificates.sh` script on the files.
```

> The solution is to add custom CA bundle files to the delegate image and run load_certificates.sh script on these CA bundle files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add custom CA bundle files to the delegate image, do the following:

> The solution is to add custom CA bundle files to the delegate image and run load_certificates.sh script on these CA bundle files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The `load_certificates.sh` script will make sure

> 1. Your CA certificates are added to delegate's Java truststore located at `$JAVA_HOME/lib/security/cacerts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added to the delegate's Java truststore located at `$JAVA_HOME/lib/security/cacerts`.
```

2. Your CA certificates are added to Redhat OS trust store.

> 3. Your CA certificates will be applied to Harness CI pipelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Applied to Harness CI pipelines.
```

> To achieve this, please follow the following steps to build your custom delegate image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build your custom delegate image, do the following:
```

> 1. Prepare all your CA certificates and put them under a local directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Prepare all your CA certificates in a local directory.
```

> 2. Add the two lines below into your delegate docker file. Replace the paths with your choices. Please put them right before the line of `USER 1001`, because it requires root user to run the script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add the lines below to your delegate Docker file before the `USER 1001` because root access is required to run the script. Replace the directory paths with your local directory locations.

```yaml
RUN curl -s -L -o delegate.jar $BASEURL/$DELEGATEVERSION/delegate.jar

+ COPY <PATH_TO_LOCAL_CERTS_DIRECTORY> <PATH_TO_DIRECTORY_OF_CERTS_IN_THE_CONTAINER>

+ RUN bash -c "/opt/harness-delegate/load_certificates.sh <PATH_TO_DIRECTORY_OF_CERTS_IN_THE_CONTAINER>"

USER 1001
```
```

3. Build your docker image

> The two lines below will copy all the certificates from local ./my-custom-ca to /opt/harness-delegate/my-ca-bundle/ directory inside the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Note that please DO NOT copy your certificates into folder at `/opt/harness-delegate/ca-bundle`, because this is a reserved folder used for keeping additional certificates to install at the time of installing delegate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> RUN curl -s -L -o delegate.jar $BASEURL/$DELEGATEVERSION/delegate.jar

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> + COPY <path to the directory of my local certs> <path to the directory of certs inside the container>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> + RUN bash -c "/opt/harness-delegate/load_certificates.sh <path to the directory of certs inside the container>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> USER 1001

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
